 


1) Finished pseudocode
2) Working progrom code
3) paragraph... any assumptions / findings as program complete. 




Pig Latin Translator

Description

An ancient language was recently uncovered which appears to be a close English language derivative.  A group of researchers requires a program to translate English into this ancient text.  Your task is to write a simple program to perform basic English to foreign language translation.

Translation rules

1.	If a word has no letters, don't translate it. 


2.	All punctuation should be preserved. (Only , ! ? will be used)
	Assuming that there is no space on punctuation ... i.e
	Assuming there are no apostraphies, hyphens, etc in the middle of the words.
	Assumptions - defining a "word by the separation of white space"
	The specifications do not explicitly state that this is user input... it will be assumed. (it could be external input)

3.	If the word begins with a capital letter, then the translated word should too. 


4.	Separate each word into two parts. The first part is called the “prefix” and extends from the beginning of the word up to, but not including, the first vowel. (The letter “y” will be considered a vowel.) The Rest of the word is called the “stem.” 
	

5.	The translated text is formed by reversing the order of the prefix and stem and adding the letters “ay” to the end. For example, “sandwich” is composed of “s” + “andwich” + “ay” + “.” and would translate to “andwichsay.” 


6.	If the word contains no consonants, let the prefix be empty and the word be the stem. The word ending should be “yay” instead of merely “ay.” For example, “I” would be “Iyay.” 

Assignment

Your program should perform translation one line at a time. The program will continue to accept input until it is terminated by entering the word “exit”.

The program output should follow each input line. The translation rules will determine how each word is translated. 

Sample session

--> Stop
Opstay
--> No littering
Onay itteringlay
--> No shirts, no shoes, no service
Onay irtsshay, onay eosshay, onay ervicesay
--> No persons under 14 admitted
Onay ersonspay underay 14 admitteday
--> Hey buddy, get away from my car!
Eyhay uddybah, etgay awayay omfray ymay arcay!



do 
{

 input line
 Parse each word by white space - enter into list or array


while(word != "exit")
For(each item in the list/array)
{
	
	if word contains letters - (a-z) - no special characters Then

		Split word into 2 parts - up to 1st vowel (not including)
		2 variables - prefix / stem


 	Else 
     
     	Go To Next Item

}

}while(word != "exit")